hi this is Jenny and this is the wired
auto complete
[Music]
interview this is the most I had to talk
about
myself
[Music]
wow when did Jenny join black pink I was
always there we put out our
first single in 2016
August so that's when black pink
happened when did Jenny move to New
Zealand I was nine and I was there till
14 so five good years see I used to have
a stronger accent but it's completely
God people don't ever guess that I'm
from New Zealand anymore which is sad I
think this is a New Zealand thing about
me I like Mite Jam so me and Rosie were
the only excited people when we were in
a city and they Ser provide us with
vegim might or Mite when did Jenny
release solo 5 years ago I want to say 6
years ago 5 years ago I think five my
BET's on five it feels like it was such
a long time ago cuz while preparing for
mantra I looked back at the videos and
photos of me from back in the solo days
and I was like wow I look so young and
cute it's definitely different working
as a solo artist I'm in the studio alone
first of all when I was working on the
group stuff I talked a lot with the
girls on if we all agree and relate to
the song a lot but now I have to make
all of those decisions on my own so I
think that's the biggest difference that
I have next
please when did
Jenny start singing professionally
14 but I I was singing my whole life I
I'm assuming I was singing as a kid too
so
Jenny outfits stage we like to change
around like our tour outfits a lot when
we're on tour especially cuz we like to
just match the vibe of the city that
we're in but I feel like my style is
pretty
openminded why is Jenny Instagram Jenny
Ruby Jane it's a name that I came up
with when I was in school in New Zealand
I wanted a nice long pretty name like my
friends and then it just stuck with me
so it's it's like a name for me that I
made for
myself how to dress like
Jenny I feel like everyone's killing it
though like everyone already knows the
answer to this next
please I always wanted to do this what
is Jenny
like I am a very shy person um even when
I'm around my friends I'm likely to be
the quiet one but I am very different
from what you see on stage so hopefully
we get to know each other better what is
Jenny favorite fruit it changes all the
time actually it used to be strawberries
nowadays I'm really into kiwis what is
Jenny favorite song in black pink P this
is always a tough one I want to say love
sick girls right now like it changes all
the time but right now it's love sick
girls it has such a cute girly moments
of black pink and it's a rare type of
vibe that we have for on stage because
we do a lot of stronger charismatic
things so yeah what is Jenny oh what is
Jenny nickname I have a lot of nicknames
I have chandi that's a Korean nickname I
have Nene my friends call me Nene it
evolved from my original name which is
Jenny what is Jenny doing now well I'm
currently at the wired interview but my
single Mantra came out a few days ago I
think so I'm very busy being happy I
think making of this whole album was
definitely a big step for me to grow as
a solo artist this specific song Mantra
is I think a great opener it's like a
little bit of a tease moment of Jenny I
would say into the
album just Jenny who Jenny black pink
best friend I have lots of best friends
you guys are my best
friends
how many piercings thus Jenny have so I
used to have a lot of piercings as a
teenager year but I got rid of it
throughout the years and I think I am
left with four piercings on this year
and two on this year so just on my ears
does Jenny write songs indeed I do yeah
hopefully you guys get to hear more of
my songs when the album drops
so be
excited
[Music]
Jenny Jenny dog a my dog is named Kuma
he's back home he's with my mom right
now I miss him he's the best behaved dog
ever he loves me though I think I'm
still up to this day his favorite human
on earth even though I don't get to see
him as much as I did but yeah he's very
happy to see me every time I see
him final board
yay
Jenny Jenny rap yes I do rap thank
you I love to rap and you'll hear more
in my album
too
[Music]
Jenny one of the girls it is my most
streamed song
on
Spotify I'm so happy that it's doing
great
Jenny
cyara I watched a cyara video before I
got here today I know Capi isn't like
the most well-known animals on Earth and
I
started to talk about them a lot cuz I
get questions about what is my favorite
animal and I've always been attached to
capibara yeah they probably just wanted
to know what a capy bar is but I think
they are more trending nowadays makes me
very proud so I shot a music video with
one years ago for ice cream that was one
of the best day ever that I had I need
to go see
one
soon oh Jenny ja moose Runway so I
walked for the Jack moose show in May
and Capri and it was my first time
running on a Runway it was a very
special occasion for me I only have good
memories from this day cuz I thought i'
would be very nervous and anxious about
it but from the moment I arrived and
Capri I was just like let me just have
fun that was also another proud moment
of this year for
me thankfully I wasn't surprised by any
of the questions I think I had most of
them in mind so Step It Up Guys ask more
interesting questions to Google about me
thank you for having me and I'll see you
next time bye
[Music]